Fix user role inconsistencies between Cloud, 25.1, and older ENT versions (#658)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-enterprise_versioned_docs/version-24.1/getting-started/proteinfold.mdx

## Interactive analysis with Data Studios

> [Data Studios](../data_studios/overview) streamlines the process of creating interactive analysis environments for Platform users. With built-in templates for platforms like Jupyter Notebook, RStudio, and VSCode, creating a data studio is as simple as adding and sharing pipelines or datasets. The data studio URL can also be shared with any user with the [Connect role](../orgs-and-teams/roles) for real-time access and collaboration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Data Studios](../data_studios/overview) streamlines the process of creating interactive analysis environments for Platform users. With built-in templates for platforms like Jupyter Notebook, RStudio, and VS Code, creating a data studio is as simple as adding and sharing pipelines or datasets. The data studio URL can also be shared with any user with the [Connect role](../orgs-and-teams/roles) for real-time access and collaboration.
```
